{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2511
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh13540\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Privacy\cb1 \
\cb3 SHOOTER PRIVACY POLICY\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 SHOOTER knows that you care about how your personal information is used and shared, and we take your privacy seriously. Please read the following to learn more about our privacy practices (\'e2\'80\'9cPrivacy Policy\'e2\'80\uc0\u157 ). By using a mobile application that incorporates or utilizes SHOOTER\'e2\'80\'99 services (collectively, the \'e2\'80\'9cServices\'e2\'80\u157 ) you accept the practices outlined in this Privacy Policy.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 WHAT DOES THIS PRIVACY POLICY COVER?\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 This Privacy Policy covers SHOOTER\'e2\'80\'99 treatment of personally identifiable information (\'e2\'80\'9cPersonal Information\'e2\'80\uc0\u157 ) that SHOOTER gathers when you access or use the Services. When you use SHOOTER, we may collect certain Personal Information, as further set forth in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy does not cover (i) use of information by third parties we do not control (such as Google Play).\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION SHOOTER COLLECTS?\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 We collect the following types of information from you when you use SHOOTER: your IP address (including country of origin), App version, device operating system (including version), device make and model, UDID or other unique device identifier (only in anonymized form\'e2\'80\'94i.e., not associated with any other personally identifiable information), and the current time each time you launch an App. In addition, while you are using an App, we collect information regarding the various actions and paths you take when using that App (\'e2\'80\'9cEvents\'e2\'80\uc0\u157 ), including a timestamp associated with each Event.\cb1 \
\cb3 Cookies/SessionIDs \'e2\'80\'93 Although the Services do not place cookies on your device when you use an App, each time you launch an App, we assign a unique session ID (a \'e2\'80\'9cSession ID\'e2\'80\uc0\u157 ) to that launch of the App which we associate with the other information that we collect during your use of the App during that launch session. We do not associate Session IDs with Personal Information.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 HOW DOES SHOOTER USES PERSONAL INFORMATION?\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 We only use your Personal Information (i) in aggregate, anonymized form for marketing purposes (e.g., to describe the total number of users who are using Apps which use the Service), and (ii) to further develop and improve our Services.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 WILL SHOOTER SHARE ANY OF THE PERSONAL INFORMATION IT RECEIVES?\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 Personal Information about our end users is an integral part of our business. We do not rent, sell or disclose your Personal Information to anyone.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 CONDITIONS OF USE\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 If you decide to access or use the Services, any possible dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use, including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of Spanish law.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 WHAT CHOICES DO I HAVE?\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 You may request deletion of your Personal Information by sending an e-mail to contact@sendacrossword.com. Please note that some information may remain in our records after deletion of your account.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 SHOOTER may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. Use of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is used. If we make changes in the way we use Personal Information, we will notify you by changing this document and posting on our website. Users are bound by any changes to the Privacy Policy when he or she uses the Services (including through any App) after such notice has been provided.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 QUESTIONS OR CONCERNS\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 If you have any questions or concerns regarding privacy in connection with the Services, please send us a detailed message at privacy@coronalabs.com. We will make every effort to resolve your concerns. Effective Date: 2016-01-01 SHOOTER Passeig Montjuic 46, 2n 2a, Izq. 08004 Barcelona Spain}